c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\iSched3.dll.config
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\iSched3.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\iSched3.pdb
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.Core.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.Core.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\FubarCoder.RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.Forms.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Prism.Unity.Forms.dll.config
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.csproj.App.config
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.Views.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.dll
c:\users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.pdb
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.dll
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.xml
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.Views.RegisterPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.SfSchedule.XForms.dll
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.SfSchedule.XForms.xml
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.Views.DashboardPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.Views.AppointmentDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.Views.SaveAppointmentPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Behaviors.dll
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\Behaviors.pdb
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\obj\Debug\iSched3.dll.mdb
C:\Users\elusiven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\iSched3\iSched3\iSched3\bin\Debug\iSched3.dll.mdb
